ROX-11172: document oss helm chart usage (#1880)
stackrox/stackrox: README.md

    + [How to Deploy](#how-to-deploy)
* [Generating portable installers](#generating-portable-installers)

## Quick Installation via Helm

> StackRox offers quick installation via Helm Charts, follow the [Helm Installation Guide](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) for system specific instructions and requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StackRox offers quick installation via Helm Charts. Follow the [Helm Installation Guide](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) to get `helm` CLI on your system.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer: Well, I still see the old text.

Author: Done

First, add the [stackrox/helm-charts/opensource](https://github.com/stackrox/helm-charts/tree/main/opensource) repository to Helm.
```sh
helm repo add stackrox-oss https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackrox/helm-charts/main/opensource/
```
To see all available Helm charts in the repo run (you may add the option `--devel` to show non-release builds as well)
```sh
helm search repo stackrox-oss
```
From here you can install stackrox-central-services to get Central and Scanner components deployed on your cluster. Note that you need only one deployed instance of stackrox-central-services even if you plan to secure multiple clusters.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox-oss --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox-oss/stackrox-central-services --devel
```

> To create a secured cluster you first need to create an init bundle containing all of the secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a secured cluster, you first need to generate an init bundle containing initialization secrets.
```

Author: Done

```sh
kubectl -n stackrox exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \
    --password "$(kubectl -n stackrox get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}')" \
    central init-bundles generate stackrox-init-bundle --output - > stackrox-init-bundle.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The init bundle will be saved in `stackrox-init-bundle.yaml`. Use it to provision secured clusters as shown below.
```

Author: Done

> Then install Secured Cluster Services in the same cluster using this command:

Reviewer: Maybe let's use "stackrox-secured-cluster-services" instead of "Secured Cluster Services" to be consistent with "stackrox-central-services" you set before.
```suggestion
Then install stackrox-secured-cluster-services in the same cluster using this command:
```

Author: Done

```sh
helm install -n stackrox-oss --create-namespace stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox-oss/secured-cluster-services \
    -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \ 
    --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> 
```
Make sure to provide some name in `clusterName` argument meaningful to you. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.

When deploying Secured Cluster Services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

To further customize your Helm installation consult these documents:
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>

> * <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

Reviewer: At this point the installation is done, but I think we're missing something important. After the user installed StackRox, the user wants to see it. Let's add simple instructions for these first steps. Something like
```
### First use

Follow these steps to get to StackRox UI

1. Obtain admin password.
kubectl -n stackrox get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}'

2. Setup port forward to central.
kubectl -n stackrox port-forward deploy/central 8000:8443

3. Open https://localhost:8000 in your browser.

4. Accept certificate warnings and proceed.

5. Log in as `admin` using password printed by the command above.
```

Author: Done

> ## Manual Deployment

Reviewer: Please add blank line before the next section.
```suggestion

## Manual Deployment
```

I use Markdown Linter in VS Code to help me write "more canonical" documents, and having blank line before and after `####` sections is one of the rule it suggests.

Author: I'll see if I can find a markdown linter for Goland then

    + [How to Deploy](#how-to-deploy)
* [Generating portable installers](#generating-portable-installers)

## Quick Installation via Helm

StackRox offers quick installation via Helm Charts, the following software is required for installing this way:
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
  * or `brew install docker`
* [Helm](https://helm.sh/)
  * or `brew install helm`

First, add the [stackrox/helm-charts/opensource](https://github.com/stackrox/helm-charts/tree/main/opensource) repository to Helm.
```
helm repo add stackrox https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackrox/helm-charts/main/opensource/
```
To see all available Helm charts in the repo run
```

> helm search repo stackrox --devel

Author: I'll remove it then

```

> From here you can install stackrox-central-services to install the centralized components (Central and Scanner)

Author: Yeah this is clearer

```
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services --devel
```
To create a secured cluster you first need to create an init bundle containing all of the secrets.
```

> kubectl -n rhacs-operator exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \

Author: I'm not sure what you mean, what are the s and g at the end?

> kubectl -n rhacs-operator exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \

Reviewer: Had a chat in Slack.

    --password "$(kubectl -n rhacs-operator get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}')" \
    central init-bundles generate stackrox-cli-bundle --output - > ~/tmp/cli-bundle.yaml
```
Then install the secured cluster using this command:
```
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox/secured-cluster-services \
    -f ~/tmp/cli-bundle.yaml \ 
    --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> \
```

> While specifying the path to the init bundle created in the previous step, and the name of the secured cluster. When creating clusters hosted elsewhere, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) for Central.

Author: Ok

> To further customize your Helm installation consult this [document](https://docs.openshift.com/acs/3.69/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html).

Author: Ok

```
To see all available Helm charts in the repo run (you may add the option `--devel` to show non-release builds as well)
```sh
helm search repo stackrox-oss
```
From here you can install stackrox-central-services to get Central and Scanner components deployed on your cluster. Note that you need only one deployed instance of stackrox-central-services even if you plan to secure multiple clusters.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox-oss --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox-oss/stackrox-central-services --devel
```
To create a secured cluster, you first need to generate an init bundle containing initialization secrets. The init bundle will be saved in `stackrox-init-bundle.yaml`. Use it to provision secured clusters as shown below.
```sh
kubectl -n stackrox exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \
    --password "$(kubectl -n stackrox get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}')" \
    central init-bundles generate stackrox-init-bundle --output - > stackrox-init-bundle.yaml
```
Then install stackrox-secured-cluster-services in the same cluster using this command with the init bundle you just generated:
```sh

> helm install -n stackrox-oss --create-namespace stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox-oss/secured-cluster-services \
>     -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \ 
>     --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> 

Reviewer: 1. Couple fixes
```suggestion
helm install -n stackrox stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox-oss/stackrox-secured-cluster-services \
    -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \
    --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> 
```

2. Again, for development/small clusters it make sense to update resources to be more conservative.
See development values here https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/3149711ad41787b732c6afb674e5384848af6c9b/deploy/common/k8sbased.sh#L533

However, unlike updating central services after they were deployed, upgrading secured-cluster-services is finicky. Better to append request values upon creation. Here's what I came up with:

```
        --set sensor.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
        --set sensor.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
        --set sensor.resources.limits.memory=500Mi \
        --set sensor.resources.limits.cpu=500m
```

You can say something like:

> Append the following arguments to the above command in order to limit sensor resources usage if you're deploying on development or small clusters. Do not use these values on production clusters.

```
Make sure to provide some name in `clusterName` argument meaningful to you. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.

When deploying Secured Cluster Services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

To further customize your Helm installation consult these documents:
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

### First use

Follow these steps to get to StackRox UI

1. Obtain admin password:

>    ```kubectl -n stackrox get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}'```

Reviewer: For things to render correctly, triple backticks should be each on separate line.

2. Setup port forward to central:

>    `kubectl -n stackrox port-forward deploy/central 8000:8443`

Reviewer: I suppose this renders not how you wanted it to look. See https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/tree/jschnath/ROX-11172_Document_OSS_Helm_Chart_usage#first-use

I think you need to use triple backticks around code not single ones if you'd like code blocks to be rendered as blocks.

If you prefer the code to be rendered inline like how it is now, that's also fine by me.

----

Screenshot of the current rendering
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537715/171587002-47f910c0-696c-441a-8dba-8fd7e0839c4f.png)

Author: backticks and triple backticks render the same in Goland, I'll put in triples here

> 3. Open https://localhost:8000 in your browser.

Reviewer: Nitpick: linter likes bare URLs to be surrounded with `<` and `>` characters.
```suggestion
3. Open <https://localhost:8000> in your browser.
```

Author: ok

StackRox offers quick installation via Helm Charts. Follow the [Helm Installation Guide](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) to get `helm` CLI on your system.
First, add the [stackrox/helm-charts/opensource](https://github.com/stackrox/helm-charts/tree/main/opensource) repository to Helm.
```sh
helm repo add stackrox https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackrox/helm-charts/main/opensource/
```
To see all available Helm charts in the repo run (you may add the option `--devel` to show non-release builds as well)
```sh
helm search repo stackrox
```
In order to install stackrox-central-services you will need a secure password. This password will be needed later when creating an init bundle.
```sh
openssl rand -base64 20 | tr -d '/=+' > stackrox-admin-password.txt
```

From here you can install stackrox-central-services to get Central and Scanner components deployed on your cluster. Note that you need only one deployed instance of stackrox-central-services even if you plan to secure multiple clusters.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services --set central.adminPassword.value="$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)"
```

> If you're deploying StackRox on a small node like a local development cluster, run the following command to reduce StackRox resource requirements. Please keep in mind that these reduced resource settings are not suited for production setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're deploying StackRox on a small node like a local development cluster, run the following command to reduce StackRox resource requirements. Please keep in mind that these reduced resource settings are not suited for production setup.
```

Author: That would make it grammatically incorrect. I can change it to "not suited for a production setup" instead.

Reviewer: Sure!

```sh
helm upgrade -n stackrox stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services \
  --set central.resources.requests.memory=1Gi \
  --set central.resources.requests.cpu=1 \
  --set central.resources.limits.memory=4Gi \
  --set central.resources.limits.cpu=1 \
  --set scanner.autoscaling.disable=true \
  --set scanner.replicas=1 \
  --set scanner.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
  --set scanner.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
  --set scanner.resources.limits.memory=2500Mi \
  --set scanner.resources.limits.cpu=2000m
```

> To create a secured cluster, you first need to generate an init bundle containing initialization secrets. The init bundle will be saved in `stackrox-init-bundle.yaml`. Use it to provision secured clusters as shown below.

Author: ok

```sh
kubectl -n stackrox exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \
  --password "$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)" \
  central init-bundles generate stackrox-init-bundle --output - > stackrox-init-bundle.yaml
```
Then install stackrox-secured-cluster-services in the same cluster using this command with the init bundle you just generated:
```sh
helm install -n stackrox stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox/stackrox-secured-cluster-services \

>   -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \ 

Reviewer: Please do not leave whitespace after `\` character, this breaks the command.

Author: Good to know, I was wondering why it broke last time I copied it over but didn't figure out why.

  --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> 
```
Make sure to provide some name in `clusterName` argument meaningful to you. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.

When deploying stackrox-secured-cluster-services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

> When deploying StackRox on a small node, add the following arguments to the helm install command above. This should reduce stackrox-secured-cluster-services resource requirements. Don't include these when deploying on a production cluster.

Author: I'll rephrase this one the same as above then

> When deploying StackRox on a small node, add the following arguments to the helm install command above. This should reduce stackrox-secured-cluster-services resource requirements. Please keep in mind that these reduced resource settings are not recommended for production setups.

Author: same as above, I'll do "not recommended for a production setup" then

```sh
--set sensor.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
--set sensor.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
--set sensor.resources.limits.memory=500Mi \
--set sensor.resources.limits.cpu=500m
```

To further customize your Helm installation consult these documents:
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

### First use

Follow these steps to get to StackRox UI

1.Setup port forward to central:
```
kubectl -n stackrox port-forward deploy/central 8000:8443
```

2.Open <https://localhost:8000> in your browser.

> 3.Accept certificate warnings and proceed.

Reviewer 2: How about we leave out this step?
Depending on the setup, the user might not even encounter a cert warning (e.g. when adding their own CA in the setup process).
Also, we're kind of motivating users to do something potentially dangerous here (click away this warning).
I would hope that users are aware of the implications, so what do you think?

Author: Okay I can leave it out but in that case I think we should also do what we can to avoid creating those warnings in the first place.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:
If a certificate warning is displayed, you can accept the warnings to install the default self-signed certificate. To configure custom certificates, see the section on "Adding Custom Certificates" in [docs.openshift.com/acs/configuration/add-custom-certificates.html](https://docs.openshift.com/acs/configuration/add-custom-certificates.html).

Author: Went with Michaels suggestion

StackRox offers quick installation via Helm Charts. Follow the [Helm Installation Guide](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) to get `helm` CLI on your system.
First, add the [stackrox/helm-charts/opensource](https://github.com/stackrox/helm-charts/tree/main/opensource) repository to Helm.
```sh
helm repo add stackrox https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackrox/helm-charts/main/opensource/
```
To see all available Helm charts in the repo run (you may add the option `--devel` to show non-release builds as well)
```sh
helm search repo stackrox
```
In order to install stackrox-central-services you will need a secure password. This password will be needed later when creating an init bundle.
```sh
openssl rand -base64 20 | tr -d '/=+' > stackrox-admin-password.txt
```

From here you can install stackrox-central-services to get Central and Scanner components deployed on your cluster. Note that you need only one deployed instance of stackrox-central-services even if you plan to secure multiple clusters.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services --set central.adminPassword.value="$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)"
```

> If you're deploying StackRox on a small node like a local development cluster, run the following command to reduce StackRox resource requirements. Please keep in mind that these reduced resource settings are not suited for a production setup.

Reviewer 3: generally avoid "please" in technical docs

Author: Fixed those as well as other instances in the document.

When deploying StackRox on a small node, you can install with additional options. This should reduce stackrox-secured-cluster-services resource requirements. Please keep in mind that these reduced resource settings are not recommended for a production setup.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox/stackrox-secured-cluster-services \
  -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \
  --set clusterName="$CLUSTER_NAME" \
  --set sensor.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
  --set sensor.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
  --set sensor.resources.limits.memory=500Mi \
  --set sensor.resources.limits.cpu=500m
```

To further customize your Helm installation consult these documents:
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

### First use

Follow these steps to get to StackRox UI

1.Setup port forward to central:
```
kubectl -n stackrox port-forward deploy/central 8000:8443
```

2.Open <https://localhost:8000> in your browser.

3.Accept certificate warnings and proceed.

> 4.Log in as `admin` using the password in `stackrox-admin-password.txt`

Reviewer 3: do we need to tell users where this file is? (txt file)

Author: Yes, we specifically generate this password file to make it more convenient for the user. The previous approach was to not specify a password and extract the automatically generated password using `kubectl -n stackrox get secret central-htpasswd -o go-template='{{index .data "password" | base64decode}}'`

But it turns out only Operator-based install write the `.data.password` attribute, so we decided to manually set a password instead. It's written into `stackrox-admin-password.txt` to be easily accessible, users are free to change that of course.

## Manual Deployment

> To manually deploy the latest development version of StackRox to your kubernetes

Author: Fixed those as well as other instances in the document.

```sh
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services --set central.adminPassword.value="$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)"
```
To create a secured cluster, you first need to generate an init bundle containing initialization secrets. The init bundle will be saved in `stackrox-init-bundle.yaml`. Use it to provision secured clusters as shown below.
```sh
kubectl -n stackrox exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \
  --password "$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)" \
  central init-bundles generate stackrox-init-bundle --output - > stackrox-init-bundle.yaml
```
Then install stackrox-secured-cluster-services in the same cluster using this command with the init bundle you just generated:
```sh
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox/stackrox-secured-cluster-services \
  -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \ 
  --set clusterName=<name_of_the_secured_cluster> 
```
Make sure to provide some name in `clusterName` argument meaningful to you. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.

> When deploying Secured Cluster Services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

Reviewer: Please add something like:

> When deploying StackRox on a small node, add the following arguments to the `helm install` command above. This should reduce stackrox-secured-cluster-services resource requirements. Don't include these when deploying on a production cluster.
```
        --set sensor.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
        --set sensor.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
        --set sensor.resources.limits.memory=500Mi \
        --set sensor.resources.limits.cpu=500m
```

Author: Done

> When deploying Secured Cluster Services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

Author: Done

If you're deploying StackRox on a small node like a local development cluster, run the following command to reduce StackRox resource requirements. Please don't run this command against a production cluster.
```sh
helm upgrade -n stackrox stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services \
  --set central.resources.requests.memory=1Gi \
  --set central.resources.requests.cpu=1 \
  --set central.resources.limits.memory=4Gi \
  --set central.resources.limits.cpu=1 \
  --set scanner.autoscaling.disable=true \
  --set scanner.replicas=1 \
  --set scanner.resources.requests.memory=500Mi \
  --set scanner.resources.requests.cpu=500m \
  --set scanner.resources.limits.memory=2500Mi \
  --set scanner.resources.limits.cpu=2000m

> ```

Author: Okay I moved it

`./deploy/k8s/central-deploy/password`
(`deploy/openshift/central-deploy/password` in the OpenShift case).

### Helm Charts

> Alternatively, there are also opensource flavor [Helm Charts](https://helm.sh/) available at [github.com/stackrox/helm-charts](https://github.com/stackrox/helm-charts/tree/main/opensource) which can be used to install StackRox

Reviewer: I appreciate you starting this, however, I believe, this should be done differently in order to bring real benefit for community users.
I described the idea [here](https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/pull/1864#issuecomment-1141003041):
> Remember, our goal is to make entry barrier as low as possible for community users. This README can follow a typical pattern of open source projects such as first introduce the product (you don't have to write that), next explain how to install it (your part), next explain how to develop for it (currently existing content).

If you read the `## Deployment` section above, it will become clear that it assumes the installing user has to clone the source code of this repo.
a) This is already quite an entry barrier to require _just any user_ to install git and clone the repo in order to install the product.
b) This deploys just the current revision and not necessarily the stable release.

I'd ask you to try impersonate a stranger user who wants to spend as less time as possible to get the product installed and working for them. This means we need to move Helm installation to be the first thing, and, actually, the only one in the context of `## Quickstart installation`.

Secondly, instructions for secured cluster services are missing. Please add that too, otherwise the product isn't deployed completely. You may learn how to do that by following the official instructions yourself, see https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html

Next, these instructions will likely not work normally until there are official release charts published to the repo. Therefore, merging this PR now will lead to more confusion than actually help users. Let's think how we can publish opensource charts for 3.70.0 to that location (another JIRA task to be created). Otherwise, we need to wait until everything happens automatically as part of 3.71.0, in 9 weeks from now.

Finally, I'd ask you to provide a link at the end of this section to the official online product docs for users who want to learn more about customizing Helm installation: https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html

Author: Fair enough, I'll rework this.

  --set scanner.resources.limits.memory=2500Mi \
  --set scanner.resources.limits.cpu=2000m
```
To create a secured cluster, you first need to generate an init bundle containing initialization secrets. The init bundle will be saved in `stackrox-init-bundle.yaml`, and you will use it to provision secured clusters as shown below.
```sh
kubectl -n stackrox exec deploy/central -- roxctl --insecure-skip-tls-verify \
  --password "$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)" \
  central init-bundles generate stackrox-init-bundle --output - > stackrox-init-bundle.yaml
```

> Set a `CLUSTER_NAME` for your secured cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a meaningful cluster name for your secured cluster in `CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.
```

````sh
CLUSTER_NAME="my-secured-cluster"
````
Then install stackrox-secured-cluster-services in the same cluster using this command with the init bundle you just generated:
```sh
helm install -n stackrox stackrox-secured-cluster-services stackrox/stackrox-secured-cluster-services \
  -f stackrox-init-bundle.yaml \
  --set clusterName="$CLUSTER_NAME"
```

> Make sure to provide some name in `clusterName` argument meaningful to you. The cluster will be identified by this name in clusters list in StackRox UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When deploying stackrox-secured-cluster-services on a different cluster, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying stackrox-secured-cluster-services on a different cluster than the one where stackrox-central-services are deployed, you will also need to specify the endpoint (address and port number) of Central via `--set centralEndpoint=<endpoint_of_central_service>` command-line argument.
```

2.Open <https://localhost:8000> in your browser.

> 3.Accept certificate warnings and proceed.

Reviewer: I disagree about removing this, I think we should say something about self-signed certs.

Reviewer 2: How about we rephrase it? Something along the lines of:
"In a quick setup, you will encounter a self-signed certificate here, which you must accept to continue. For a custom certificate setup, consult https://docs.openshift.com/acs/configuration/add-custom-certificates.html"?
What do you think?

Author: Went with the suggestion of Michael in the end, I think this should be good
